Ryan Ashoo: Hello.
Ryan Ashoo: How are you
And
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you hear me better
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay, that's great.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me pull up the chart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, could you please tell me your name and date of birth.
Ryan Ashoo: Right now shoe eight 191
Jocelyn Corrales: Shoe
Jocelyn Corrales: Eight 191 okay your chart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Could you turn. Are you not able to turn on your video.
Ryan Ashoo: Know when I'm at home if I turn on my video because I live in the mountains.
Ryan Ashoo: So my if my picture will freeze up and then it'll kick me out of zoom
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, OK. OK, so what we're going to do today is that we're going to talk about
Jocelyn Corrales: What's working out for you. So what we're going to do is we're going to talk about health emotions activities relationship in transformation. So
Jocelyn Corrales: What we're going to do that we're going to create a plan for improving the quality of your life. It's a work in progress that needs to be reviewed from time to time. So just in case.
Jocelyn Corrales: What I tried to update you on the next 30 days and he doesn't seem to be working out for you. We're going to revise the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'm going to update you if you know if you're doing well doing better or, you know, if
Jocelyn Corrales: There's no improvement that also, we're going to change it. Again, you are just revising a little bit
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so we'd be good. So your activities of daily living like getting out of bed showering brushing your teeth washing putting on some clean clothes eating.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleeping and being able to manage being, how do you go about your day to day
Living
Ryan Ashoo: I get up every morning at six.
Ryan Ashoo: Shower and I'm at work by 645
Ryan Ashoo: I work from 645 until anywhere from three in the afternoon to seven o'clock at night.
Ryan Ashoo: I'm off on Saturdays and Sundays, but I still get up at 6am
Ryan Ashoo: Take a shower, get dressed and
Ryan Ashoo: Eat breakfast drink coffee.
Ryan Ashoo: That's pretty much how I spend most of my time on the weekends, when I don't have work. I don't really go anywhere. I just stay at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Stay at home on the kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And do you exercise.
Ryan Ashoo: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every day.
Ryan Ashoo: No every other day.
Jocelyn Corrales: What should he do for exercise.
Ryan Ashoo: lift weights do push ups. Pull Ups.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you exercise at home or the exercise at the gym.
At home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and you mentioned you go to work at 645 and go off work at their own three o'clock right
Ryan Ashoo: Sometimes it's between three o'clock and seven o'clock at night.
Oh,
Ryan Ashoo: And they're only employee.
Jocelyn Corrales: But could go up to seven o'clock.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, but usually it's around 645 to three, but you know it's somewhere around three to seven.
Ryan Ashoo: You usually I'm off about 630 at night.
Ryan Ashoo: Sometimes I get up at
Jocelyn Corrales: 330 6:30am and are you able to eat your meal sometime
Ryan Ashoo: Yes, I eat while I'm at work. I'm a cook.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Ryan Ashoo: Get a restaurant.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. So you're able to eat their breakfast before you go to work. Are you able to eat breakfast at home.
Ryan Ashoo: Or are you eat your wife.
Ryan Ashoo: When I get there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: You work as a cool
Ryan Ashoo: I'm sorry.
Jocelyn Corrales: You work as a cook. Correct.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: What time do you usually sleep.
Ryan Ashoo: Can you say that again.
Ryan Ashoo: Um,
Ryan Ashoo: I don't know, it varies a kind of an insomniac so
Ryan Ashoo: I tend to stay up kind of late.
Jocelyn Corrales: So usually
Jocelyn Corrales: You sleep at around
Ryan Ashoo: Two or three
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you take
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleeping pills or asleep AIDS.
Nope.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what's the reason why you are weren't aren't able to sleep.
Ryan Ashoo: It's been like that since I was a kid.
Um,
Ryan Ashoo: When I do sleep. I don't sleep very well.
Ryan Ashoo: I wake up constantly I
Ryan Ashoo: Have night terrors.
Ryan Ashoo: Oh, so I just don't
Ryan Ashoo: I don't like to sleep, I guess. Oh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Frequent nice wakes up to migrate quickly.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Why
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you also think
Ryan Ashoo: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Could be the reason why sometimes you are not able to sleep early
Ryan Ashoo: And know that I don't, because I can stop thinking it's but it's just doesn't work. I don't go to sleep. I just
Ryan Ashoo: When I do sleep I wake up and then
Ryan Ashoo: Or I have bad dreams. It's not. I don't like sleeping.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried probably exercising and before you go to sleep. I
Ryan Ashoo: Realize when I get off work.
Jocelyn Corrales: And go to sleep after that.
Ryan Ashoo: Right. And it doesn't help. I've tried everything I've tried medicines. I've tried herbal teas. I've tried melatonin pills. I've tried
Ryan Ashoo: Everything.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also reading
Ryan Ashoo: Yes I that I've mostly read. I don't really watch TV.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. It's better to read than watch TV or, you know, play with your
Jocelyn Corrales: Phone.
Right.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And regards to your
Jocelyn Corrales: How do you do your chores.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your household chores.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't really have any
Jocelyn Corrales: So you clean the house.
Ryan Ashoo: Yet my house stays pretty clean. I don't really do anything.
Ryan Ashoo: I rarely eat at home and
Ryan Ashoo: I mean I clean the bathroom. That's about all I have to do do my laundry. That's about it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And asleep. The fourth floor sometimes
Ryan Ashoo: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're able to do your basic like showering brushing your teeth and
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, lucky. So we'd be goes to your mental health. How do you, you know, when you have, you know, when you feel cranky, or you have some bad moods, or you feel anxious. Howdy do believe
Ryan Ashoo: I work
Jocelyn Corrales: My working. It's like firing yourself or immersing yourself to work.
Ryan Ashoo: Just distracts me
Jocelyn Corrales: immersing yourself to wear to distract
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, what are the other things that you do, aside from, you know, immersing yourself for more
Ryan Ashoo: You do other things. No, that's all I do.
Ryan Ashoo: I'm when I'm at home. I'm either reading or working on my computer.
Okay.
Ryan Ashoo: I do coding computer coding for I do software design and penetration testing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you live with someone at home or you leave alone.
Ryan Ashoo: No, I live by myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you consider yourself spiritual
Ryan Ashoo: Consider myself what
Ryan Ashoo: Spiritual know
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're not also religious
Know,
Ryan Ashoo: I'm an agnostic.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. In but the but to meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or, you know, self.
Action.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or are you open to it, like, you know, self meditation.
No.
Ryan Ashoo: I think it's a waste of time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually is when you do self meditation. It's just like trying to relax your mind trying to relax you buddy. Maybe it could be helpful when you you know before you go to sleep.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe the try at least just just that this is just only to especially if you're going to sleep, just to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Relax your mind maybe, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: There's no harm in trying.
Jocelyn Corrales: I hope it helps.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah.
Ryan Ashoo: Well, like I said, it's my mind isn't really the problem I can
Ryan Ashoo: Turn my mind off that's never been an
Jocelyn Corrales: Issue for
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually have the same problem, but for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercising or working out helps you like tiring myself yeah tiring myself until you know until able to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: And sometimes yes some medications does not work out at all.
Jocelyn Corrales: He's very weak.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I actually had that seems during my teenage years.
Jocelyn Corrales: I actually, I actually don't have nightmares. It's just that I just have insomnia.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that's why I'm also trying to, you know, maybe it also works out for me because for me. What I do is that I exercise myself or tire myself to
Jocelyn Corrales: Before I go to sleep. Then after I'm tired. You know, we feel tired, you know, I tried to go to sleep, unable to sleep at least longer than the usual or
Jocelyn Corrales: Or if not, are you surely, what I do is that I, tire myself to sleep. Then after I try. I turned myself with exercise, and after a tiring, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Just about 3030 minutes 45 minutes of exercise or actually 30 minutes. It's really tiring for me. Then after that, I'll have about
Jocelyn Corrales: Five to 10 minutes of, you know, just self reflection or just, you know, it's like you're just sitting there. It's like a when you do exercise. There's what you say what there's what we call toning down
Jocelyn Corrales: Right when you're toning down after toning down. You just sit still sit around and, you know, just relax. Close your eyes and relax. And after that, when you feel sleepy. I go to bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because
Jocelyn Corrales: Because I yeah
Ryan Ashoo: I work almost 12 hours a day in a hot kitchen.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah, that makes me tired and then
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Ryan Ashoo: I get home.
Ryan Ashoo: I still work out. I still do everything I gotta do, but
Ryan Ashoo: I just don't sleep. I don't, I don't like
Ryan Ashoo: Always been my body knows it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's like you're you've been used to it.
Ryan Ashoo: Right, it's been like that for a long time.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's like, your body has already adapted to that you know that
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't feel tired when you wake up or when you go to work.
Ryan Ashoo: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: No you lack sleep no dork.
Ryan Ashoo: feel fine.
Oh,
Ryan Ashoo: I don't struggle getting up at either it i can i don't know i run off three, four hours of sleep a day and I'm good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, usually for ya.
Jocelyn Corrales: For our straight of sleep is ready, you know, sometimes okie for other people it's like already a good sleep.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: For some other people it you know it seems lacking, especially, they're not used to that kind of, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Schedule right yeah so you, you mentioned you leave alone. And do you have these are you in contact with your family.
Ryan Ashoo: No, I, well, my little sister. I talked to her, but
Ryan Ashoo: Only for, like, maybe the last 10 months when i right before I got out of prison. My mom passed away.
Ryan Ashoo: And that's
Ryan Ashoo: Why, me and my sister started talking again before that I hadn't talked to my sister in like five years and I haven't lived with anybody in my family. I've been on my own. Since I was 11 my parents kicked me out when I was 11 and I've
Just been on my own. Since
Jocelyn Corrales: And after you went out there racing. You know, if you know how you haven't talked to her see server log in.
Jocelyn Corrales: After your mom died you connected. Is this still good thing that you still you are still in contact with your sister, although not frequently but least
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Talking do you communicate via text message or call
Ryan Ashoo: A text message.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine. You can always Text her, you know, once a week.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah, I usually let her text me i'm not i don't really reach out
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so she's the one reaching out to you, why not try to reach out, you know, try to text her for us, you know,
Ryan Ashoo: Because I don't have anything to say.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just tell her. Hi, how are you today, something like that. I'm doing fine. That's all.
Jocelyn Corrales: Something like that, although even, even though you think you have nothing to say just tell her that you're doing fine. To start, especially the bow in our situation right now just stellar Hi. How are you doing, I'm doing fine out here, you know, just step. I hope you're doing fine, too.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, at least you know she knows that, you know, you're also trying to reach reach out to her.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not
Jocelyn Corrales: The only one who's only reaching out to you about the piece you
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, this is simple text my sheets.
Ryan Ashoo: The spine maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: This at least to improve your relationship with your sister. You only have one sister. Yeah, you don't have any other siblings.
Ryan Ashoo: No, I have two sisters
Jocelyn Corrales: Where's your other sister.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't know, some other state.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you only communicate lead one sister, but you haven't communicated with other sister.
Ryan Ashoo: Right, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you, you know, do you want to reconnect with your sister, you know, at least my, you know, communicating
Jocelyn Corrales: No, you're fine. You're fine me to others history that you're talking with
Ryan Ashoo: I'm fine by myself. I, I didn't need them. The whole time from 11 years old on when my parents kicked me out and I was on the street and homeless. I didn't need them. Then, and I don't need them now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you it's like you haven't forgiven them or something like that.
Ryan Ashoo: Uh,
Ryan Ashoo: I mean, I guess you could look at it like that. It's not really about forgiveness.
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't need them. I don't need
Ryan Ashoo: Anybody I do it all by myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's because you you know you've been on your own for a very long time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right. Listen. Yes. So with regards to your financial
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned you're working
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to provide for your needs and is, is it enough to pay for your bills.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you the one budgeting or managing your finances.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and pay for your bills.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have friends.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't really talk to anybody.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't have like Facebook account or
Ryan Ashoo: Social media. I don't hang out with people.
Jocelyn Corrales: Coworkers
You know, like to be by myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't talk to your coworkers also
Ryan Ashoo: I have a boss. That's it.
Ryan Ashoo: Only employee.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you talk to your boss.
Ryan Ashoo: A
Ryan Ashoo: Not exactly. I mean, she writes down orders and I make the orders for people and then that's like the extent of it.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like this like a work. I just like a boss employee relationship.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you don't have friends, you know, from childhood or you know know
Jocelyn Corrales: Any neighbors, when I
Ryan Ashoo: Got out of prison a
Ryan Ashoo: Most of my friends are already dead.
Ryan Ashoo: Unfortunately, the heroin problem out here killed most of them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you considered, you know, trying to have some other friends, maybe
Ryan Ashoo: No, I am okay by myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't. You also don't have a girlfriend.
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you attend groups bright heart health groups.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And is it helpful for you.
Ryan Ashoo: Um,
Ryan Ashoo: I don't know. I don't know how to answer that one.
Ryan Ashoo: It's not not helpful.
Ryan Ashoo: You know, I mean, but I
Ryan Ashoo: It.
Jocelyn Corrales: I guess encouraging this
Jocelyn Corrales: But does it the consider it, you know, encouraging when you join the groups or, you know, in bright cartels.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah, I mean, in a sense, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do individual therapy with your therapies.
Ryan Ashoo: Yes, and I have a counselor out here that I see twice a week.
Uh huh.
Ryan Ashoo: And my parole officer.
Ryan Ashoo: I've only been at the prison since October.
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you think it's helpful, you know, seeing your counselor seeing your bright heart health therapies.
Jocelyn Corrales: Officer.
Ryan Ashoo: The one. Oh, he the my bright heart one yes my therapist out here. No, because she sucks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, okay.
Ryan Ashoo: She's a horrible therapist.
Jocelyn Corrales: I hear a lot from you know I hear a lot of those from other patients to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I'm Sarah therapist.
Ryan Ashoo: She's extremely bad
Jocelyn Corrales: There's times that you know there are some that are really judgmental, you know, the, the, the judge your character or the judge question.
Ryan Ashoo: For I don't know, and, and we've had problems with her a repeating something I said to other patients, which is against the law for one but
Ryan Ashoo: You know, and it's we just don't, I don't trust her. Now she broke that trust and
Ryan Ashoo: I only give people one chance you fucked that up and it's over.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're leaving your activities of daily living. What do you think is not working out for you.
Ryan Ashoo: Nothing I think everything is working out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I think just asleep.
I
Ryan Ashoo: Mean I think it's okay.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't like change.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, okay.
Ryan Ashoo: I like everything to be routine. I like everything to be the same.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think it's better for you. You know, you're reading enjoying your computer, instead of watching TV.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right, yeah. I also believe that it's, you know, you're a lot of, you know, bad influence, especially in the social media and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Some yes allegation.
Ryan Ashoo: Yes, and I don't believe in Facebook and Twitter and Instagram. None of that stuff. I don't use
Ryan Ashoo: Any of
Jocelyn Corrales: It actually waste a lot of your time.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah, if you have something you want to say to me, just call me or text me. Don't, don't.
Jocelyn Corrales: See me a message on the computer, I
Ryan Ashoo: Don't do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, actually. Facebook is just good if you have a lot of friends specially if you want to reconnect with friends, you know, this, that, that, you know, other than that it's not really that you know
Jocelyn Corrales: But, you know, if you have lots of friends of your old friends that you want really want to reconnect Facebook is actually good. But, you know, fall is also fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Talking to the phone is actually better you know
So,
Jocelyn Corrales: So maybe what we could improve with your
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we could do some, you know, self reflection or meditation. When you go to bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just that
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't want to
Jocelyn Corrales: Heavy try that these you know befriending someone having a friend.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't want any
Ryan Ashoo: Good by myself. I like it that way.
Jocelyn Corrales: And have you
Jocelyn Corrales: Just want to ask, Have you considered, you know, having a family of your own in the future.
Ryan Ashoo: Um,
Ryan Ashoo: I have kids, but I don't have custody of them right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're in you communicate with your kids.
Ryan Ashoo: No, uh, I had full custody of my kids before I went to prison.
Ryan Ashoo: Um, I was on the run for a long time from the feds and then
Ryan Ashoo: I gave my ex girlfriend's dad, a lot of money.
Ryan Ashoo: And just asked him when I went to prison to take care of my
Jocelyn Corrales: Kids
Ryan Ashoo: I knew it was going to happen soon. Um, and it ended up happening and I was talking to my kids every day and then his daughter ended up getting arrested and going to prison as well.
Ryan Ashoo: And he blames me and he quit letting me talk to my kids. And then I would write them letters every week, I would try to call, but he wouldn't let me talk to them and then
Ryan Ashoo: Now I got out and I tried getting in contact with them to get my kids back and he said that he's going to take me to court. Try to get custody of them. I have a lawyer. So as soon as I'm off parole. I'll have full custody of my kids.
Ryan Ashoo: There in Texas right now but
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh, uh, how old are your kids.
Ryan Ashoo: My daughter is nine. My son is four.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I think your daughter is old enough to know about this situation. So I think she's aware, probably, although not she's still, you know, she's still very young to understand, but maybe I think that's something to look forward to.
Yeah.
Ryan Ashoo: But as far as having a, like a girlfriend or a wife. I didn't. Good. I don't need that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's fine. You already have kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: And nine year old and a four year old kid.
Ryan Ashoo: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you are trying to battle Casa de
Ryan Ashoo: Correct.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And, you know, you can always write, even if you know at least you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you know, their seats, you know, their location, even if you're not able to
Jocelyn Corrales: Anyway, you don't have Facebook because maybe your daughter has a Facebook and
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you don't have their numbers also you know your daughter doesn't have a phone.
Ryan Ashoo: She's only nine years old.
Jocelyn Corrales: But this heavy have she tried writing back to you.
Ryan Ashoo: Know, she doesn't get my letters.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Ryan Ashoo: He won't let me have contact with them. I write them and he just throws away my letters he doesn't let me call them. He doesn't nothing
Ryan Ashoo: And I went to prison for four years.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you'd other. When was the last time you communicated with your daughter.
Ryan Ashoo: She was five years old.
Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, maybe you could do that. Maybe she doesn't remember you right now because she was still very young and you
Jocelyn Corrales: When you went to prison in your son was just
Ryan Ashoo: He was just born
Jocelyn Corrales: A baby. Yeah, he was a baby.
Jocelyn Corrales: I understand. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wake up at six o'clock.
Ryan Ashoo: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to eat on time. And are you eating healthy snacks or
Jocelyn Corrales: Healthy food.
Ryan Ashoo: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and try to avoid you know drinking soda.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, drinking soda. Yeah.
Ryan Ashoo: Just take whatever
Ryan Ashoo: Water Gatorade and coffee.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to eat meals on time and eat snacks also
Know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Ed else I think you're working fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe exercise. So maybe you could do exercise every day. Have you tried exercising instead of, you know, do an alternate you know you if you lift weights every other day in
Jocelyn Corrales: Under days in between, you could actually do some, you know, just basic exercise like stretching, something like that.
Ryan Ashoo: Whoa, I do cardio.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, something like that cardio cardio is like, you know, walking, but you can do some, you know, stretching do some stretching before you do some video or
Jocelyn Corrales: I usually encourage patients to do some stretching first before you do any cardio or do any work out or anything.
Ryan Ashoo: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: That is just to prevent you know cramping.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So instead of doing this every other day. You do exercise every day so cardio and work or it could be an alternate cardio did the next day weightlifting then card you again.
Ryan Ashoo: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Activity.
Jocelyn Corrales: Meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Girlfriend is still in jail right now.
Ryan Ashoo: I yeah she she got 22 years
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's too long.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Anyway, this and why does his father blame you about it.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't know.
Ryan Ashoo: I was in prison. When she got arrested. I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you really don't know what really happened.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah I know she got caught with two guns and selling drugs in Albuquerque.
Ryan Ashoo: And she was in my car and the guns were in the trunk of my car, but I was imprisoned already
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah, and
Ryan Ashoo: She got put on an ankle bracelet and released on pretrial services and went to Lubbock, Texas to live with him and they found another gun in her bedroom out there.
Ryan Ashoo: And Texas has zero tolerance.
Ryan Ashoo: And it's a Federal case.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Ryan Ashoo: She signed a plea for 10 years
Ryan Ashoo: Uh huh, uh, whether or 15 years of the 25 year cap. Um, and they gave her 22 they gave her to like 284 months.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: And she did that try to get rid of any of your guns at that time you were in jail.
Ryan Ashoo: No. And while the guns in the trunk. I don't think she knew they were there, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Ryan Ashoo: I tried to tell her to tell the cops that they were mine.
Ryan Ashoo: I told her, just to tell them their mind and I'll plead guilty to it in court. I was already going to prison.
Uh huh.
Ryan Ashoo: You know what I mean, it's
Ryan Ashoo: I would have done more time, but I don't. It doesn't bother me. I
Ryan Ashoo: I was not expecting to get out. Anyway, I was expecting to go to prison forever so
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a good thing your own pearl right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, at least you know you get to take care of your children just think you should get cut you know across to the of them.
Ryan Ashoo: Right and
Jocelyn Corrales: And I hope it works out for you. And you know, no worries. I'm going to update you every 30 days and I hope
Jocelyn Corrales: You know the custody will be granted to you soon. But I'm not sure if it's going to be sooner because of, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: The current pandemic that we're experiencing today actually believes everything in court also
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah I it's not going to be for probably another two years.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but I hope it's going to be sooner, you know, because you know these are kids and, you know,
Ryan Ashoo: I'll still be on parole for at least another year and a half.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so maybe add
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let me share you my screen so that you'll be able to see but have placed here. So I have placed here. Everything that you have told me
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, just the things that you have told me so I have placed here what's working for you. What's working out for you in some things that I think it's not working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'll just fill in this. I'll just fill up this information later on. And I just placed in financial no problem with regards to financial just edit that. Actually, I'm actually going to edit this.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before. I'm going to send you a final copy. So for your daily routine you routinely wake up and it's good that you also wake up early, even if it's on a weekend.
Jocelyn Corrales: And on weekend. Maybe you could do some exercise, but the weekend after that, you know, you won't feel sleepy. No. Anyway, you have problems with sleeping. Try to sleep in. If you can, you could
Jocelyn Corrales: You're able to eat meals on time. I just encourage you to eat healthy meals and snacks. Snacks and avoid junk food or soda. No, it's also including the junk food and do
Jocelyn Corrales: exercise every day instead of doing it every other day. Try to do exercise every day before going to bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do some stretching every after you know by your exercise, especially if you're doing a cardio to prevent you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Like grab
Jocelyn Corrales: I do. Yeah, you should do.
Jocelyn Corrales: And for routine activity.
Jocelyn Corrales: Self meditation after exercise. It's like after toning down do some self meditation or, you know, self reflection or just, you know, just do nothing, just think about nothing and relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before you go to sleep and easiest after exercise and before going to sleep and you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Although you mentioned that your sister is, you know, has been trying to reach out to you from time to time. You could also send out a text message to your sister, at least maybe once in two weeks, or once a week, just a text message in, you don't need to reply. If she replies to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least you just you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just letting her know that you're still alive, you're still doing okay maybe she's actually worried about you. Maybe you just don't know it. Although, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not really her fault. When your family or when your parents kick you out of the house. Maybe she was still young. Then, and she could do anything to help you.
Ryan Ashoo: That's true, but, uh, you know, when we were teenagers.
Ryan Ashoo: We just cut me off.
Ryan Ashoo: You know what I mean it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, if
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't
Ryan Ashoo: Worry. There's a lot more to it than
Ryan Ashoo: Anybody understands
Jocelyn Corrales: So I know but you know when you're a teenager. There are some things that, you know, but maybe she's trying to, you know, reconnect with you, you know, there are things that you know when you are
Jocelyn Corrales: Mature you know know those are actually, you know, kids tough team stuff. But when you try to get mature, you try to get older, you know, people change factory.
Jocelyn Corrales: So maybe you know she has a change of heart and she wants to reach out to you. She wants to reconnect with everybody. She was Direct Connect, we'd probably just like to reach out to her just a text message.
Jocelyn Corrales: It won't hurt you at all. You don't need to reply to her if just in case she messages or she calls. You don't need to answer just send out a text message to that she won't worry about you.
Jocelyn Corrales: This tell her that you're doing fine. Just, just basic thing that. Hi, how are you, I'm doing fine. Something like that. Maybe just once, once a week or once in two weeks.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And take care of your children's custody. I just put it here. So he would just also remind me about how you doing in that area.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are there any things that you want to include in the plan, maybe something that you would like. Although you mentioned that you don't like change, but maybe some things that you wanted, even though
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not open for a change to, like, maybe you want you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You want to listen to, you know, online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Some things online.
Ryan Ashoo: No, not really.
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned at any way you've mentioned that you like reading books.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's also an activity like crafts something, you know,
Ryan Ashoo: I do I
Ryan Ashoo: I do tattoos.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's nice. And that's an art.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you do that for extra surveys, something like that.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah, I do it for a like as a side hustle.
Ryan Ashoo: Just to make money on the side.
Jocelyn Corrales: You can actually do you know you mentioned you do to to assess you know as a side job, but you could also do you know, create your own designs as an art.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right and your leisure time
Jocelyn Corrales: Creep creep.
Jocelyn Corrales: On designs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And so that's the only thing that you like the two or a day or two things or hobbies that you, you know, like so. Aside from art.
Ryan Ashoo: My computer doing computer programming software design and a network security.
Jocelyn Corrales: Computer
Jocelyn Corrales: Science computer science.
Ryan Ashoo: Computer programming.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay programming.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And you're like, you know, sports like playing basketball.
Ryan Ashoo: I don't like sports but I like to watch sports. I played a lot of sports. When I was younger, I was in martial arts.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, IV, you know, have you considered doing martial arts back again.
Ryan Ashoo: Yeah.
Ryan Ashoo: I mean, I considered it. But I was really good at it. I'm, I'm a first degree black belt in taekwondo I took boxing for eight years.
Ryan Ashoo: Um,
Ryan Ashoo: By just, I don't know. I don't really have any interest in doing it now.
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll just add this initial interest, but I think maybe you should consider maybe going back
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing martial arts and boxing one of these, these probably maybe you're just not ready yet for it at the moment because there is so much. Or maybe there are so many things you have in mind, probably, maybe you could consider going back
Jocelyn Corrales: Some other days.
Ryan Ashoo: Maybe
Ryan Ashoo: I just, I don't. I did it because I enjoyed it.
Ryan Ashoo: And now I don't so
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could try probably try again. Maybe you just don't realize it. Although, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Once, once you are there. Actually, maybe it would work out. Also for you it's, there's no harm in trying, but maybe not now. Maybe some other time. When you are not you know when you're already ready and prepared.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually like that idea you going back to doing you know some martial arts or boxing. Yeah, yeah, maybe not. Now, maybe not now, but maybe on some other days.
OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sorry about that. I just had a phone call. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello, are you still there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so consider going back to martial arts and boxing. I think we have everything here for the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe we could do just the first four and five. Maybe we'll do the six later on. But I'm putting it there just to remind me and to remind you when we meet again in the next 30 days. Okay. Okay. Let me see if I'll be able to make you sign this let me share again.
Jocelyn Corrales: The screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if it works out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me stop sharing first
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if L able to be able to share the screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you able to assign this one. Are we able to control the pin.
Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, okay. Is that your site or. Let's do that again. Okay.
Signature
Jocelyn Corrales: Can we try doing it again limiting your signature, we in the box. Let's try this again. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I wait for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm going to share it again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes I'm having a problem with
Jocelyn Corrales: The signing
Jocelyn Corrales: It actually doesn't work for some, are you in a computer.
Ryan Ashoo: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Can you try just reading the box. Let's see if it saves
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, did they share it a fan for a while.
Okay, let's see.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's still not signing
Ryan Ashoo: It let me sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah I know but it's it's it's weird because it doesn't make me save it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually have the same issue with, you know, some other patients.
Ryan Ashoo: It won't let you click on save.
Jocelyn Corrales: It will let me click Save. But it doesn't do anything.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's just like that. It just says sweep and it's not saving anything you know maybe so.
Ryan Ashoo: You use the apple hot, it's an Apple computer
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I'm using an Apple computer
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it actually works for some patients, but I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe it's my computer or probably it doesn't allow you know, especially for 40 doesn't allow most of the phone users to sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Although there are some who are able to sign in control it, but it isn't safe, but there are some who you know that I am able to see, but it doesn't work, but it's fine. It's not really required. So, it's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Thank you, Ryan. It's just great talking to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: You can just in case I'm going to reconnect with you again in the next 30 days or 35 days. I'm going to call or a message you were you able to receive my text message earlier.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's my direct contact number, just in case you want someone to talk to, you could always text me if you want someone to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: What
Jocelyn Corrales: Someone's doctor. Okay. Thank you, Ryan was great talking to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And have a great day.
Ryan Ashoo: You too.
Ryan Ashoo: Bye Bye bye.
Bye.